README.rst, before:

Hue Emulator
============

.. highlight:: c++


A framework for emulating Hue smart light devices.

Refer to specifications available at https://developers.meethue.com (free account login required).

Setup
-----

In your application, remember to add bodyparsers for JSON and XML:

   server.setBodyParser(MIME_JSON, bodyToStringParser);
   server.setBodyParser(MIME_XML, bodyToStringParser);

Without these, you'll get empty bodies for incoming requests.

The :sample:`Basic_Alexa` sample application demonstrates use of provided On/Off, Dimmable and Colour device types
with a global callback function.

Ideally you should provide your own custom Hue devices by inheriting from :cpp:class:`Hue::Device`.
Override the :cpp:method:`Device::getAttribute` method and control behaviour with the return value::

-  :cpp:enum:`Status::Error` The request is rejected, no change made
-  :cpp:enum:`Status::Success` The action was performed immediately
-  :cpp:enum:`Status::Pending` The action was accepted but requires further processing, such as
   sending a command via serial link. The provided callback MUST be invoked when this completes.


API
---

.. doxygenclass:: Hue::Bridge
   :members:

.. doxygenclass:: Hue::Device
   :members:
   
.. doxygenclass:: Hue::OnOffDevice

.. doxygenclass:: Hue::DimmableDevice

.. doxygenclass:: Hue::ColourDevice

Commit message:

Add Strings and Stats units, update comments and README with details of request handling
Clarify use of pending requests
Remove setTcpPort - this must be done by application as it provides the HTTP server.

README.rst, after:

Hue Emulator
============

.. highlight:: c++


A framework for emulating Hue smart light devices via the `Hue::Bridge` class.

A real bridge talks to Hue devices via ZigBee, however with Sming you can control anything
you want using the published API.
Refer to specifications available at https://developers.meethue.com (free account login required).

Setup
-----

Refer to the :sample:`Basic_Alexa` sample for details of how to use this library. Here are a few key notes.

A :cpp:class:`HttpServer` object is required to allow the framework to respond to requests.
Note that Gen 3+ Hue Bridges listen on port 80 (standard HTTP), however older versions use port 1901.
This library has only been tested on port 80.

In your application, remember to add bodyparsers for JSON and XML::

   server.setBodyParser(MIME_JSON, bodyToStringParser);
   server.setBodyParser(MIME_XML, bodyToStringParser);

Without these, you'll get empty bodies for incoming requests.

The sample demonstrates use of provided On/Off, Dimmable and Colour device types
with a global callback function.

Ideally you should provide your own custom Hue devices by inheriting from :cpp:class:`Hue::Device`.
This is demonstrated using `MyHueDevice`. The device ID is 666.

API
---

.. doxygenclass:: Hue::Bridge
   :members:

.. doxygenclass:: Hue::Device
   :members:
   
.. doxygenclass:: Hue::OnOffDevice

.. doxygenclass:: Hue::DimmableDevice

.. doxygenclass:: Hue::ColourDevice

.. doxygenenum:: Hue::Status
